1	Referral	sense of collective self efficacy	R	"VHTs are powerful! In Uganda VHTs save many lives each week by referring children with danger signs, even if not reported by the caregiver. We are proud of you!"	160
2	Diarrhoea	Technical reminder	F	VHTs are making a difference! Continue to give zinc along with ORS to children with diarrhoea. Zinc helps to build stronger children. Be proud of your work!	156
3	Referral	sense of accountability	N	VHT teamwork is good work! A first dose of drug before referral gives the child the best chance to stay alive up to health centre and recover. We count on you! 	160
4	Mixed infections	sense of collective self efficacy	R	"VHTs lead the way! When you show caregivers how to give first drug dose to a child, you are treating and also helping to educate others. VHTs build the future!"	159
5	Mixed infections	Technical reminder	F	"VHTs are building the future! Cough with normal breathing rate is NOT pneumonia, and does not need amoxicillin. Educate caregivers. You are making a difference!"	160
6	Diarrhoea	sense of accountability	N	"VHT teamwork is good work! For severe diarrhoea, help the child drink ORS before referral to avoid dehydration. Well done. Together, we are making a difference!"	160
7	Record keeping	sense of collective self efficacy	R	"We are proud of VHTs! In Uganda VHTs treat 30,000 children per week. Send your data via your phone weekly on Sunday or Monday to share your success. Thank you!"	159
8	Mixed infections	Technical reminder	F	"VHTs lead the way! In severe pneumonia, a first dose of amoxicillin before referral is life-saving. Check the child's age for right dose. Your work saves lives!"	160
9	Mixed Infections	sense of Accountability	N	We are proud of VHTs! Continue checking for all diseases even if only one is reported by the caregiver; you can treat mixed diseases together. We trust you!	156
10	Diarrhoea	sense of collective self efficacy	R	"VHTs are leading the way! In Uganda, every week, VHTs treat 335,000 children with diarrhoea, using only ORS and Zinc - not antibiotics. Keep up the good work!"	158
11	Record keeping	sense of Accountability	N	VHT teamwork is great work! Keep your records accurate. Write in registers after each child seen. Updated records make reports quick and easy. We are together!	159
12	Referral	sense of collective self efficacy	R	VHTs are powerful! Severe malaria can kill a child. Artesunate can keep him alive. VHTs save many lives by giving rectal artesunate before referral!	148
